# 2017-11-22

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

# Recap

* Arrived to Bryn Shander taked to tell *Markham Southwell* about cloud giants attacking and the death of his sister, Semile.
* Battle against Frost Giants looking for Artus Cimber. Rest of them went West
* *Sirac de Suzail* told them to go to *Waterdeep* and talk with the Roaringhorns, a noble family. He asked them to escort him to Luskan to go back into fishing and hopefully avoid more attacks to the town.
* *Beldora* told you that she heard about a gnome called *Thwip Ironbottom* in [Hundelstone](..\Locations\Hundelstone.md) that seems to know more about giants in the region.
* Xyrelor had a vision about a tied-up giant.

---

## Bryn Shander Quests

### Markham Southwell

* You have proven worthy. I need your help to patrol Icewind Dale and return at once if you have further evidence of giant activity. He says that tomorrow he’ll give them a signed letter proving that they’re deputies. Presenting this to other town speakers should give them free board and food.
* If you can come back with the head of a giant we can proclaim Defenders of Icewind Dale.
* You can talk with Augrek and she’ll give you enough provisions to patrol and find out if the giants are still lurking around.

### Duvessa Shane

* She’s dispatching scouts to check on the other Ten-Towns. Worried about rebuilding the defenses in Bryn Shander.
* She has an aunt living in *Waterdeep*: Inirva Coldwater who’s the captain of the **Dancing Wave**. She gives a letter to PCs to provide passage and accommodations if they need to travel across the Sword Coast.

### Augrek Brighthelm

* Asks characters to go to [Ironmaster](..\Locations\Ironmaster.md) and meet with one of the Brighthelm representatives to ask if they could send reinforcements from her clanfolk.
* Non dwarves are not allowed in Ironmaster. They need to wait near to the menhirs around town roads and someone will come.

### Sir Baric Nylef

* Focused on finding the Weevil, plans to go to other towns: Fireshear, Luskan, Mirabar, Xantharl’s Keep. He’ll leave town soon.
* Go to Neverwinter and look for *Sir Lanniver Strayl* and tell him about Baric’s whereabouts and Bryn Shander.

### Garn (Armory)

* Confesses that the previous deal was going to make Guybrush lose money.
* Offers to help and use the forge for 50gp.
* If Guybrush trusts him, he offers consultancy to improve the design based on his experience with dwarven craft. For the extra material and knowledge he charges 90gp or 120gp
