# 2018-07-31

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Eleint (September) 23nd
Weather: Rainy

## Recap

* The group made their way to the Stormwind manor and found Alkali and another Harper: [Jorond](..\NPC\Jorond.md). You had a chat with Jorond while getting ready to sneak out of the city divided in two groups: back-alleys and sewers.
* Under the shadow of the night, you made your way to the East gate down small alleys trying to avoid attracting the attention of the guards. On the way there you came across:
  * An old guy that was doing cries in the middle of the night announcing that the giants were coming back. You had a chat with [Callan](..\NPC\Callan.md) and found out that he spent a summer with members of the giant court before the King came for them.
  * You managed to get a couple of patrolling knights to go away after distracting them and an effective use of Command.
  * While you were getting back on your track, you manage to intimidate some thugs to leave you alone.
  * When you finally reconvened with Alkali, you found her giving aid to a starving person. Turns out that the Hill Giants have been taking all the crops in nearby fields and most of the remaining crops have been going to Waterdeep nobles killing peasants in the process.
  * As shopkeepers are started to get ready for the day you saw a couple of gladiators resisting arrest and decided to intervene after seeing them killing guards.
  * After the fight, some helpful guards tried to assist “guard” Phillip resulting in a string of deceptions to make knock them out and put them away.
  * After reaching your encounter point, the group was once again together and made your way to the area where the erratic giant was moving.
  * On your way there, you detected a pair of footprints and shadows in the middle of the night. As you made your way towards the giant you saw a group of goblins flanking you from the trees.
  * You arrived to a severely wounded giant that was babbling about a certain Chief Guh and a shield person. As you were healing the giant to get more information you saw the trees moving behind you and the goblins jumping to give way to the **shield person**: a massive Fire Giant.

## Session’s Strong Start

The group has been flanked by Fire Giant Dreadnought! *Harshnag* will come to help!

## Possible Scenes

* Scene 1: Fighting with the Fire Giant Dreadnought and its convoy
* Scene 2: Talking with Harshnag and the Hill Giant
* Scene 3: Starting their way towards the north.

## Secrets and Clues

1. Harshnag carries Gurt’s greataxe. He got it in recognition of his services to Waterdeep.
1. Gurt was a frost giant lord slain by Uthgar Gardolfsson -leader of the folk that would become Uthgardt barbarians- in a battle that marked human  superiority over giants in the Dessarin Valley
1. Barbarians attack on sight anyone carrying the greataxe.
1. Harshnag has heard about the group and wanted to meet with them as soon as possible.
1. Harshnag knows the location of the Eye of the All-Father, a temple in the Spine of the World with a divine oracle that they can consult to learn how best to end the giants’ threat.
1. Moog ran away from Grudd Haug after Chief Guh stole her husband, Hruk.
1. Chief Guh is on her way to become the biggest giant that exist and is eating everything around the area.
1. There are Stone Giants around the area (dreamwalkers) that have destroyed the structures that Moog was using as landmarks.
1. Loudwater is full of refugees running away from the Stone Giants around the area.
1. Fire Giants are using Underdark tunnels to rapidly move across the continent.

## Relevant Monsters

* Fire Giant Dreadnought (Volo’s p. 147)
* Goblin (MM p. 166)
* Hobgoblin Warlord (MM p.187)

## Magic Item Rewards

* Staff of Fire (DMG p.201) or Staff of Healing (DMG p.202) or Tentacle Rod (DMG p.208) or Wand of Magic Missiles
