# 2018-06-20

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Eleint (September) 20th
Current Weather: Fair

## Recap

Last session started with the group finishing their fight with the men from the Shar cult. Throughout your fight, two of the burly men seemed to avoid death by transforming into huge creatures posing even more danger to the party.

You defeated the whole group to find a key for the encrypted message before running away from the town guards. Back in the Drunken Starfish, you take some time to decipher the messsage: Marpe First/North Ward.

With Nessa going to bed early, everyone went around doing menial tasks that included exploring the town to find the location of the Silver Triangle. The next day you decided to pay a visit to the Stormwind house to find another flower outside. Alkali herself was waiting for you and you trade information. She tells you that she’ll be waiting tomorrow at the break of dawn before they lose track of the deranged giant and promises to have people investigate what you found.

Everyone dresses up and goes to Gamaar! Ready to party and mingle! The Castle Ward is even more impressive than the North Ward and once you arrive you are told to get ready ASAP. The sudden appearance of a shiny spider-like tattoo on Freedom’s back catches your eye before you head into the main hall.

Once there, there were shenanigans galore with slaps, conversations and rumours. You made acquaintance of a noble called Nellaser and before you could continue mingling, you were attacking by a group of Drow riding two beasts. The guards helped everyone to evacuate the main hall while you were left fighting the intruders…

NESSA IS GOING TO CAST FIREBALL
