# 2018-03-24

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Eleint (September) 1st
Current Weather: Fair

## Recap

The last session was an eventful section of your journey towards Everlund. After leaving Fireshear behind with Dasharra’s griffons you noticed some thick smoke plumes coming from Luskan before deciding to continue and camp in Klauthen’s Vale.

The vale was an oasis in the middle of the cold north with a pleasant weather, cattle and water with a sulfurous aroma. A suspicious figure made itself known on your second day camping… Klauthen itself came to you with particular curiosity and exclaiming that you were not ready yet for what was expected of you.

Some massive bruises later, you were left to continue your travels until you arrive near Mirabar. Dasharra warned you about an excavation happening near her usual landing area and after making sure that you were unseen by the workers she left to Fireshear.

A not-so-stealthy approach to investigate the pit led the master, a new type of giant, to command his forces against you. A tight fight ensued and after succeeding you got treasure and some additional information thanks to Xyrelor’s arcane skills: the giant was using a Rod of the Vonindod to find pieces of this construct of the same name.

**Xyrelor and Nessa spells now have icy effects**

## Mirabar

Selin Ramur

* **Conversation:**
  
  * Lord’s Alliance
  * Nightstone
  * Fire Giants attacking their mines and city
  * Sightings of orcs and hobgoblins around the region
* Hori Rodison
  
  * **Conversation**:
    * Delzoun
    * Dwarven society return to greatness. Needs to help other races.
    * More details about frost and fire giants. Surtur, the fire giant god. Thrym, the frost giant god.
      * Dragons: Klauthen, Claugiyliamatar, Girac, Iymrith, Malygris
      * Giants: Maurer, Harshnag, Cazunth
    * Fastest way to get to Everlund:
      * Tunnel to the middle of Lurkwood
      * Take a raft down the Surbrin River.
      * Once you get past Mornbryn’s Shield you can take the river fork towards the Evermoors.
      * Keep to the south!!! The Evermoors are dangerous with many savage hill giants, ogres, orcs and trolls.
      * The trip will be sped up 4x.
