# 2018-02-21

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Elesias (August) 31st
Current Weather: Windy

## Recap

Throughout last session you were making yourselves one way or another around Fireshear before leaving town.

Xyrelor went around town and made herself an acquaintance of Matiso, one of the managers of the local chapter of the Silver Triangle while promoting a courier service to whomever wanted to listen.

Guybrush made himself known to the local authorities and after failing to leave the guard post stealthily was given two choices: to rot in a jail or deliver a particular package to Mithral Hall.

Nessa and Phillip went for an artistic effort to ask about Abigail and after a heart wrenching performance in a public square they put a legendary show at the local inn with some additional effects from the team warlock. The success of the presentation made Xyrelor ask about contacts in Mirabar to start a tour around the North.

Finally, after a negotiation with Dasharra, Freedom led the training of the four people that were learning how to ride the griffons and during the final day there was an unexpected transformation into an eagle as a new shape away from her traditional spider forms.

---## Xyrelor and Nessa spells now have icy effects

## Traveling to Mirabar

 > 
 > Wisdom (Perception) 17 to notice what is happening in Luskan. They should be able to see the outline of the town and thick black clouds coming out of the harbor area.

## Klauthen Vale

 > 
 > Warm and pleasant all year round. You are able to see sheep, goats and cattle roaming around the forest.  Water sources within 1 mile of the lair are supernaturally warm and tainted by sulfur.  
 > Wisdom (Perception) 20 to notice the charred bones of orcs around the forest.Small earthquakes are common within 6 miles of the dragon's lair.

* Klauthen “Old Snarl”: Ancient Red Dragon with several scars over its body. Several areas where the scales never grew back. Wields two wands.
  * **Lair Action**: Magma erupts from a point on the ground the dragon can see within 120 feet of it, creating a 20-foot-high, 5-foot-radius geyser. Each creature in the geyser's area must make a DC 15 Dexterity saving throw, taking 21 (6d6) fire damage on a failed save, or half as much damage on a successful one.
  * He wants to see the **Giant Slayers, the Lucky 5 Courageous 6, etc** up close and test them. He will shoot a fireball and a lightning bolt at Phillip and Tamar.  
