# 2018-10-14

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Marpenoth (September) 6th
Weather: Sunny

## Recap

* After dealing with a hungry remorhaz, you located the missing axe and started to work on how to get to the Oracle using the weapons and the runes around the circle. A meteor swarm later, you asked Harshnag to try and put the great axe in what seemed to be the runes that marked the Frost giants and that showed you the way to a new area in the temple.

Inside you found the frozen remains of a giant, Eigeron, and how he fell to his father’s wrath, Blagothkus.  After contacting the Oracle and through your 6 questions you learned that the key of the problem lies in King Hekaton’s court, that you need to collect fragments of a conch to transport there which are held by giant lords and that you need to make yourselves worthy by collecting relics stolen by the barbarians.

With all this information, you started your trek to find that Roge Phaley from Waterdeep sent you an airship to aid you in your endeavors. Using this, you got to the closest point marked by Harshnag, Great Worm Cavern.

Once there, Tamar heard a voice asking for Wormblod, the chieftain to die and going inside, you were ambushed by the resident barbarians.

## Session’s Strong Start

* Fight! 4 tribal warriors attack

## Possible Scenes

* Traveling around the different places with relics

## Important NPCs

* *Brassik* - Gnome captain of the ship
* *Delsephine* - The girl that Tamar was trying to hook up with.

## Relevant Monsters

* 

## Magic Item Rewards

* [Potion of Heroism](..\Items\Potion%20of%20Heroism.md) - From the young remorhazes
* [Charm of Restoration](..\Items\Charm%20of%20Restoration.md) - From the couatl
