# 2018-08-14

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Eleint (September) 26nd
Weather: Fair

## Recap

* The last session started with lots of action with the group being surprised by a heavily armoured Fire Giant and its entourage while you were conversing with a Hill Giant.
* You managed to dispatch the hobgoblin who seemed to be giving the orders in the group and a clutch banishment left you with opportunities to run away or attack the giant.
* As you were preparing for its return (which was triggered by a happy-go-lucky Tamar breaking Xyrelor’s concentration) you noticed that another giant creature wearing a dragon skull was approaching your location.
* Battle was resumed and through magical means you convinced the Fire Giant to surrender as the famed Harshnag made his entrance in the battlefield.
* He gave you more insights about what was happening with the giants and asked for your support in joining him to visit the Eye of the All-Father, an oracle in a giant’s temple in the far far north that should help you in solving the current crisis.
* You let both Giants go while learning more about Chief Guh and how she was taking all the Hill Giants husbands to feed her and engorge herself to be the biggest giant.
* You decided to make your way back to Waterdeep after Harshnag told you that he could use Underdark tunnels to meet with you on Mirabar’s outskirts in 3 days or so.

## Secrets and Clues

1. Gurt was a frost giant lord slain by Uthgar Gardolfsson -leader of the folk that would become Uthgardt barbarians- in a battle that marked human  superiority over giants in the Dessarin Valley
1. There have always been Shar cults but the Purple Embrace has been successful because of the way they connect with their targets sorrows.
1. New recruits without obvious combat prowess go through a divination ritual used to channel their energy into a greater purpose.
1. Lunar eclipses are known for channeling Shar energies more effectively.
1. Dwarves kept as prisoners by Fire Giants fuel the stories oft he need for stronger dwarven cities.
1. Silver Triangle is starting to offer a trade and magic items hunting contracts across its subsidiaries in the Sword Coast.
1. There are people in the Sword Coast obsessed with the spell **Sequester** and how to use it to hide treasure.
1. Harpers are keeping the locations of certain Ostorian ruins secret until they can investigate more about them.
1. Yartar is vying to enter the Lord’s Alliance and is using it’s central position in Faerun plus new businesses such as the resident casino.
1. Shar’s cult is numbering several hundreds now but the missing people are being named as the Lost Hundreds.

## Fantastic Locations

### Waterdeep

* Details about the North Ward
* Cemetery with portal to Mirabar.

### Spine of the World

 > 
 > **DM description if needed**  
 > More descriptions about what’s up.

## Important NPCs

* *Harshnag*
* [Diga](..\NPC\Diga.md)
* [Alkali](..\NPC\Alkali.md)
* [Jorond](..\NPC\Jorond.md)

## Relevant Monsters

* Stone Giant Dreamwalker \[Volo p.150\]
* Champion with Warlord legendaries \[Volo p.213\]
* Zealots
* Cultists
