# 2018-05-23

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Eleint (September) 18th
Current Weather: Fair

## Recap

The session started with you talking with the gnome that approached you as you waited in the *Drunken Starfish*. After introducing herself as Alkali, you proceeded to tell her everything in your adventures. In turn, she told you rumours about sightings of a floating castle in the nearby hills approaching *Waterdeep*.

The gnome proposed to show you where you might get help to get into the castle but in reality she took you to some alleyways where you were ambushed by a group of hired thugs.

You dispatched of the enemies and thanks to entangle plus a very accurate chained dagger throw you managed to hold the assassin in place. A gruesome interrogation followed where your captive lost an eye and right after her life.

During the interrogation you learned that there were Shar agents planning to attack Waterdeep, a way of communicating with the cult and that your heads had a sizable reward offered by a *Praetor Azureal*. After taking her moon tattoo, you went to find the lighthouse with the marked mailbox but on the way to the harbor you made contact with the real [Alkali](..\NPC\Alkali.md).

The harper took you to a pub with private booths to discuss recent developments. She told you that the group has been tracking a Hill Giant that is behaving erratically and that could provide clues on the ongoing crisis.

You mentioned the information that you got from the assassin including the infiltration on Waterdeep and the possible arrival of a Cloud Giant castle and Alkali agreed to help you by putting someone to keep a tab on the lighthouse mailbox and to put you in contact with [Ulinarhi](..\NPC\Ulinarhi.md), a promoter of high society events that might help you get into one of the parties.

### Shopping List

* Philippe: Military Uniform with gold threads.
* Nessa: Matching attire of pantaloons and blazer.
* Freedom: Blue dress with flowers
* Guybrush: White tuxedo with shiny lapels, an arrangement of 4 flowers and white gloves.
* Tamar: Understated black tuxedo with 3 flowers
* Xyrelor: Mustard dress.
