# 2018-05-16

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Eleint (September) 16th
Current Weather: Rainy

## Recap

Last game began with everyone making their way to the Moongleam Tower in Everlund. A collection of small tower with a central one topped with the reflective effigy of a halfmoon and inside full of books, scrolls and rooms.

You made your way to Krowen Valharrow’s study and through magical means he recounted some of the Giant’s ancient history, gave more context about their hierarchical society and his suspicions that dragons might be involved and the warning that another war between dragons and giants might be the ruin of all the smaller races.

After some additional questioning which gave you additional clues about Abigail’s whereabouts and mission, you agreed to try to prevent an all-out war. As part of these negotiations, Krowen offered to give you access to the Harpers’ secret tele-transportation network which opened new ways to navigate the Sword Coast.

After some deliberation, you decided to travel to Waterdeep to try to find Force Grey or any other clues that could aid you in your next steps. You arrived at a graveyard and from there you went to the docks to ask about Inirva Coldwater. Unfortunately, her ship, **Dancing Wave hasn’t been seen lately and you were pointed at the Moon Maiden crew since they seemed to know more about it.**

Not wanting to stay in the harbor for long, you went looking for taverns where your Harper contact might make themselves known. After an initial snobby pub, Tamar guided you to the Drunken Starfish and after a while, a gnome made herself known as Alkali. 
