# 2018-07-04

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Eleint (September) 20th - 21st
Current Weather: Fair - Rainy

## Recap

The session started with the last moments of your battle against the drow invaders. During the fight, a security system was activated sealing all the entrances and windows followed by several screams and noises.

You made your way to the security room to watch a set of scrying balls being dispelled and a disabled security system. After solving the password, you started your investigations which included accidentally killing a drow guard, finding several trinkets and the bodies of the kitchen staff behind a trapped door.

The session ended as you made your way to the service area to find who seemed to be the drow leader rounding up several nobles together with other soldiers. You dispatched the underlings and managed to doubly polymorph the released elementals after being given the clue that you could trap them to put them back in the machinery. 

Our session begins with part of the group giving chase to the drow leader and his hostages…

## High Society Infiltration

* [Daalne](..\NPC\Daalne.md) infiltrated the celebration after learning that a Masked Lord of Waterdeep was going to be in attendance.
* The goal was to retrieve as much information as possible about the other Masked Lords. Depending on the information there were going to be more infiltrations or direct raids.
* She knows that the city guard will be locking down the city after the attack and had some initial ideas on how to use the same tricks used in Gamaar to infiltrate noble houses directly and leverages that they won’t be able to leave freely.

## Leaving Gamaar

* The security system also sent alarm to the city guard and they are on their way to the location.
* The party needs to escape the city guards or be jailed until interrogated and things clear up.
* CHASE!
  * Gamaar surroundings
  * Side Streets (2 rounds)
  * Small Inner Square
  * Side Streets (2 rounds)
  * Market (2 rounds)
  * Bridge
  * Side Streets

## Leaving Waterdeep

* A lot of the city is in lockdown and the players need to leave with Harper help. They have two options:

#### Navigate the city back-alleys

1. A noble shouts “Stop! Thief! at a fleeting scoundrel (bandit)
1. 1d2 knights
1. 2d6 -2 shadows 
1. An actor leans out from a second-story window to call to passersby, announcing a show.
1. 1 bandit captain with 2d8 -2  bandits
1. 1d10-2 thugs
1. 1d2 gladiators
1. 1d3 veterans

Saving Throws / Checkpoints

#### Navigate the sewers

1. 2d4 crocodiles
1. 2d6 giant centipedes
1. 1d6 + 3 swarms of insects
1. 2d6 -2 shadows
1. 3 cult fanatics
1. A beggar is sleeping next to the a tunnel. Seems so quiet that you think it’s dead.
1. A group of dogs eating what seems to be a dead body
1. 1 ghost

Saving Throws / Checkpoints
