# 2018-07-25

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Eleint (September) 22nd
Weather: Fair

## Recap

* The party continued the fight against the Drow but as you started to follow the masked leader there were questions from it about your motivations.
* You managed to stop the fight and begin discussing with the Drow.
* You learned about the Itar Antoch house and how they were looking to infiltrate Waterdeep nobility to gain resources to escape the Underdark without persecution from the other houses.
* Itar Antoch secretly worships Eilistraee and being specialized in raiding overground they have been exposed to other things beyond Lolth’s teachings.
* You agreed to meet with the house later to plan what would be the best way to achieve this goal. You were told an elvish saying to ask for an audience outside Ched Nasad. The closest entrance to the Underdark from Waterdeep was the Mere of Dead Men.
* After she left, you talked with Roge Phaley, you convinced him that you were not in cahoots with the Drow and got his word that he will honour the debt he had with you now.
* Daalne warned you that the same security system that closed all the doors gave an alarm to the City Guard and that you probably wanted to leave before being imprisoned and interrogated.
* The party split and chases ensued while you worked to lose the guards on your way to the Stormwind manor.

## Characters

## Session’s Strong Start

## Possible Scenes

* Scene 1: Description
* Scene 2: Second desc

## Secrets and Clues

1. Some Storm Giants like small folk and they live in the sea.
1. Hill Giant attacks around the Dessarin Valley have produced famine now and people are dying around the area.
1. Harpers have gotten false leads before and some are starting to become very careful about leads.
1. Silver Triangle is starting to put an open bounty for magic items around the Sword Coast.
1. Lords Alliance council is starting to meet more often and other cities are showing interest in joining
1. Waterdeep City Guard has plenty of resources and they are known for going overboard with their investigations until they get everything from you.
