# 2018-08-29

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Marpenoth (September) 1st
Weather: Rainy

## Recap

* Last session started with the attack of a charming Stone Giant Dreamwalker and the luck that Harshnag was carrying an anti-petrifying potion after meeting with these type of giants in the past.
* You made your way to Waterdeep and your friendly giant helped you to gain access back to the city relaying the warning given to him about the lockdown of the Castle Ward for the time being due to the ongoing investigations.
* You took the time to run errands around the city including a quick visit to Mirabar to test the harpers network and once you reconvened back at the Stormwind Manor you received additional information about the possible attacks that were going to be perpetrated by the Shar cult.
* You stayed until the first of the next month and were awoken by Alkali warning you that there were several attacks happening across the North Ward and even in the harbor which were thinning out the guard presence across the city.
* By sheer luck, you came across one of the attack spots where a higher rank cultist greeted you into combat. The fight has carried on and reinforcements for both sides have arrived!

## Session’s Strong Start

Guybrush and Tamar have arrived to help in the fight! [Diga](..\NPC\Diga.md) is going to focus on retrieving the artefact and finishing his mission.

## Possible Scenes

* Scene 1: Artefact fight.
* Scene 2: Mirabar. Revisiting the Gleaming Sun and sneaking around to avoid getting Guybrush in trouble.
* Scene 3: Traveling to the Eye of the All-Father

## Secrets and Clues

1. There have always been Shar cults but the Purple Embrace has been successful because of the way they connect with their targets sorrows.
1. New recruits without obvious combat prowess go through a divination ritual used to channel their energy into a greater purpose.
1. Lunar eclipses are known for channeling Shar energies more effectively.
1. Harpers are keeping the locations of certain Ostorian ruins secret until they can investigate more about them.
1. Shar’s cult is numbering several hundreds now but the missing people are being named as the Lost Hundreds.
1. Dwarves kept as prisoners by Fire Giants fuel the stories oft he need for stronger dwarven cities.
1. Traveling around the Spine of the World would require to get ready against the extreme cold.
1. Giants worship children of Amnam as well. They are the original beings behind the different types of giants.
1. Not many giants know about the existence of the temple. Only those with adventuring backgrounds and storm giants.
1. There have been more questions about the Battlehammer campaign to investigate old ruins from Delzoun and leverage lost knowledge.

## Fantastic Locations

* Waterdeep
* Spine of the World
* Eye of the All-Father

## Important NPCs

* [Diga](..\NPC\Diga.md)
* *Harshnag*
* [Alkali](..\NPC\Alkali.md)
* [Jorond](..\NPC\Jorond.md)

## Relevant Monsters

* Champion with Warlord legendaries \[Volo p.213\]
* Zealots
* Cultists

## Magic Item Rewards

* 2 Greater Healing potions
