# 2018-01-17

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

# Recap

* After battling a group of giants in Bryn Shander, you were asked among other things to find evidence of giant’s presence across Icewind Dale.
* After visiting several towns and debating your options you decided to visit Everlund and meet with Krowen Valharrow, a wizard mentioned by Thwip Ironbottom.
  * For this, you went to Fireshear to learn how to ride griffons and continue asking about the assassins that ambushed you and the note they had with them signed by Justiciar Alwin.
  * On your way there you came across a battlefield that led you to a Frost Giant party. Through some sneaky moves and a close call you heard about Jarl Storvald and the frost giants desire to acquire the Ring of Winter to create an eternal winter.
  * After evading the giants and some barbarians, you were attacked by what seemed to be a deranged white dragon (Arveiturace) that people in the nearby town seemed to acknowledge as a legend.
* Once you got to Fireshear, you met with Dasharra Keldabar, a tough character who owns the griffons. After what could be described as a failed negotiation to lower the price of training and renting, you went to an Inn where you partook in several activities.
  * The next day, under the call of INCOMING you saw one of the greatships arriving to raid the town with 12 giants disembarking and splitting apart. You went towards Dasharra’s tower to see 3 giants attacking it.

---## Bryn Shander Quests
Markham Southwell
Once they earn their titles as **Defenders of Icewind Dale** they are approached by two bounty hunters. They claim to be working for [Mirabar](..\Locations\Mirabar.md) but are actually *Zhentarim* looking for the Weevil. They promise to match the bounty asked for him. Treasure in SKT 43
Sorelisa Zandra: Female spy with thick black cloak over their armor. **Roleplay Hint: Female Tough Hiphop**
Naeremos: Male tough looking thug. Short, well built dark-skinned man missing an arm.
