# 2018-04-25

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Eleint (September) 16th
Current Weather: Rainy

## Recap

The last session saw you continuing your trip from Lurkwood to Everlund. After your stop at Mornbryn’s Shield you stocked up on supplies and continued down the river.

The Evermoors looked foggy and uninviting with Nessa noticing a curious stone wall incredibly high on the air between the clouds.

The next day while the group was worried about Nessa’s skull some lights appeared on the river bank. Remembering a story about Mornbryn’s treasures the group decided to stop and investigate. You followed the lights to what seemed to be an ambush among several columns in a forest clearing. After defeating the spheres you investigated the burial and found several coins and two magical items.

Coming back to your ship you realised that a group of orcs commanding a feral giant was attacking the ship. A well-timed surprise put the odds in your favour and after a swift attack by Guybrush and smart positioning to have the giant attacking their own you dispatched of it.

After some conversations, shanties and more navigating you finally reached your destination. Everlund!

Everyone got to business with Nessa dragging Phillip to get their show running that night, Tamar paying respects to his god, Guybrush visiting the local blacksmith and Xyrelor visiting the local chapter of the Silver Triangle.
