# 2019-07-03

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

**Campaign Time**: Sep 5
**Weather**: Rainy

## Recap

* Xyrelor managed to sneak around the castle for longer and continue where Freedom left. She managed to link the dust to a spell that transported the chest to the Ethereal Plane and would require Countess Sansuri cooperation to bring to the Material Plane.
* Meeting with everyone on the ship the party flew towards Silverymoon.
* Silverymoon is extremely clean, polished with a strong elven presence around town.
* Nessa and Xyrelor are looking for Felgolos.
  * They went to the *Power of the Dragon* in the Old Silverymoon.
* As they move around town, the party sees a gruesome murder. There have been a series of murders around town with [Harpers](..\Organisations\Harpers.md) iconography.

## Session’s Strong Start

* The party was on their way to the Old Tarrasque bar in new Silverymoon when they witnessed someone vanishing after painting a Harper symbol.

## Possible Scenes

* **Scene 1**: Meeting with Felgolos in the Old Tarrasque Bar
* **Scene 2**: Fighting the Oblex
  * Adult Oblex
  * 3 Guards
  * 2 Spies

## Secrets and Clues

1. There have been some mentions about Harpers becoming violent across Lord's Alliance cities.
1. There are reports of people dissapearing in Waterdeep.
1. Raids are becoming more common around the Sword Coast. Giants seem to be growing restless.
1. There was a sighting near the dwarven settlements of 4 fire giants carrying what seems to be a massive metal hand
1. Dwarves are putting bounties in their cities for old artifacts. 
1. Countess Sansuri seems to be looking for Ostorian artifacts to put Cloud giants at the top.
1. Dragonkind rumour is that one Giant ship has a white dragon as a slave.
1. Felgolos has been focusing on keeping the Zhentarim at bay.
1. Felgolos has the suspicion that a dragon might be behind the giants upheaval but doesn't know who.
1. Yartar has been doing more pushes to enter the Lord's Alliance.

## Fantastic Locations

### Old Tarrasque Bar

 > 
 > Rowdy bar - Describe the craft beer bar from El Hatillo
 > Bartender is a big, fat, larger than life Half-Orc

### Clankers Inn

 > 
 > Well kept bar - Describe the inn in Connemara

## Important NPCs

* Felgolos
* Tricolo

## Relevant Monsters

* Adult Brass Dragon
* Adult Oblex
