# 2020-08-26

\#session-notes 

# Strong Start

### Recap:

After ensuring that the mummy was not going to reappear the characters decided to continue their journey to investigate more about the Purple Embrace:

* **Fairview**
  * Guybrush, Iryanar and Phillip decided to stay behind and guard the house.
    * Iryanar, as a beggar, managed to make direct contact with a group of humans, dwarves and a tiefling that were making the rounds near the house. After accepting an invitation to join them in the house, he proceeded to wear a ring given by one of the humans which made him feel free of worries, no more giants, no more Eberron, just peace and a desire to help their new friends.
    * Guybrush, using Morbryn's hat was able to surprise the tiefling that 'faked' going after guards to help with the house. Questioning the tiefling, uncovered a location: Coach Street in Southern Ward - House with Red Bricks
    * Phillip didn't manage to find anything in his patrol around the surrounding streets.
* **Castle Ward**
  * Taking a carriage to get to the city watch in Castle Ward, Nessa and Tamar noticed that they were being followed. First by a dwarf dressed in black and then by a human in plain clothes. All the carriages without curtains.
  * The couple were directed towards Captain Harkow, a dragonborn that after some initial suspicions decided to trust the adventurers and asked them to discuss the current situation with [Lieutenant Abdal](..\NPC\Lieutenant%20Abdal.md) **,** the officer in charge of the investigation (with the captain in charge of the whole situation)

# Scenes

* Guybrush confronts the group. They are stronger than expected.
* Abdal has an in-depth conversation with the couple.
* Nessa and Tamar visit the cultists in the dungeons

# Secret and Clues

Check off when revealed.

* [ ] Roge Phaley is one of the Masked Lords of Waterdeep
* [ ] The circle can be removed with the right item. It's a temporary installation to make it easier to mindwash possible cultists.
* [ ] There are additional contracts in the Silver Triangle to get artifacts for the dwarves in the North.
* [x] The guard knows that there are several ranks. They have managed to capture some low-ranking cultists but haven't been able to get much out of them
* [x] The City Watch suspects that the cultists can't be far from the city since some of the initial recruits came back in matter of days.
* [x] The City Watch has done some investigation about the attack that happened in the city. They found that most of the targets were diversions but a few of them had legends and stories about old artifacts buried or stored in them. Artifacts of a divine nature.
* [x] They managed to snatch the cultists in jail because they were giving pamphlets. This was before the lockdown was enacted.
* [x] They know that the cult is not new but they suspect that the kidnappings are not recent. It also seems there are some records of kidnappings intensifying during new moon.
* [x] They were leveraging the help of Harpers but decided against it after a recent warning by Lord's Alliance about murders involving their members.
* [ ] The group visiting the house has a rod with 2 more charges to create an Glyph of Warding (Alarm)

# Monsters

* Quaggoth

### Session Notes

* Cultists:
  * Eac
  * Orc
* Stall Market
* Arcane Investigator
  * Tridam
