# 2020-11-02

\#session-notes 

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* Our heroes have been checking structures that seem to be sending energy to the moon and disrupting the regular moon phases. After destroying an enchanted tree in the Ardeep Forest, the group went back to Waterdeep to recon around the City of the Dead.
* On their way there, they noticed they were being followed and after what seemed just an ambush for intimidation purposes, they managed to make their way to the cemetary.
* After checking around the place and killing time with some drinks, the party decided to hide and wait until midnight to finish destroying the unnamed tomb with the same enchantment.
* With the finishing blow, the response from the structure varied this time, instead of an explosion full of necrotic energy, undead beings came out of the ruined tomb to attack the party.
* After a very close call, the party succeeded in dispatching the undead and was left to investigate and chat.

### Start:

* Midnight in the city of the dead. Nessa just finished collecting the imprints of the destroyed tomb.

# Scenes

* Meeting Centria again and forcing her to disclose more about the cult
* Going back to the Stormwind dilapidated house and finding a contact to talk with Diga
* Going to the Guard's Keep and talking with Tridam, Kenistel and Abdal about findings and investigations.
* Talking with Eac
* Going back to 83 Coach Street.

# Secret and Clues

* [x] The circle can be removed with the right item. It's a temporary installation to make it easier to mindwash possible cultists.
* [ ] The brick house in Coach Street has an underground facility with more cultists, apparatuses to dispose evidence, printers and more.
* [ ] The cult has presence across several parts of the continent with cells growing in power.
* [ ] New recruits are asked to do a fake divination ritual to provide energy to Shar's avatar. They don't know the real reason.
* [x] There is a lunar eclipse happening soon. Things are moving towards that.
* [ ] The Waterdeep dux is Diga - War Priest
* [ ] People get addicted to the Shar influence similar to the dreaming people in Inception.
* [ ] The artefact stolen during the raid is a multi-layered disc that extracts energy from living entities and concentrates it depending on the ritual.
* [x] The rings are connected to a central location powering them. They don't act on their own.
* [ ] The avatar’s heart is in an old elven dungeon under a high-end brothel. The door to it requires a password told in Elven.
* [ ] The machinery can be used to infuse energy for different purposes but requires a small effect similar to Shar’s influence. People get addicted to it similar to the dreaming people in Inception
* [x] The rings are "antennas" that project their power from different location. They don't seem to work based on charming magic but psionics. It's a low-power version of a Mind Blast, bombarding the victim with energy that washes through its synapses like acid. This step takes 24 hours.
* [ ] It's not clear if the moon phases are truly static or if people have been exposed to an illusion at grand scale.

### Session Notes

* Keltazod - City of the Dead guard
