# 2020-08-31

\#session-notes 

# Strong Start

### Recap:

Our party is divided in two groups:

* Nessa and Tamar had a long discussion with [Lieutenant Abdal](..\NPC\Lieutenant%20Abdal.md) about the current investigation on the cult: they are organized, they have been acting for more than a decade around Waterdeep and it seems they are after ancient artifacts.
  
  * After discussing the possible reasons behind the kidnapping of Sarah Goldsnatcher, the party went to pay a visit to Eac and Orc, the two cultist currently in the dungeon. After having a conversation with them posing as cult members, they discussed with Abdal the idea of releasing them and follow them while an arcane investigator visits Fairview.
* Guybrush and Phillip are following a group of 4 cultists and Iryanar who seems to have convinced them to trust him to the point of letting him carry the chest they are meant to deliver to the Southern Ward.

### Start:

* Iryanar and the group just finish their rest and decide to continue walking towards the Southern Ward.
* Lieutenant Abdal comes back saying that the captain will only allow one prisoner to leave.

# Scenes

* The party lets the group get to the Southern Ward. As they see the chest being deposited among some old crates and rubbish they realise they were being followed as well.
* Tamar and Nessa follow the inmate. He doesn't go straight to the market stall but rather goes to the City of the Dead first to pray.
* Tridam comes back from the house with the information about the symbol covered with paint and more information about what the room might have been used for.

# Secret and Clues

Check off when revealed.

* [ ] The group visiting the house has a rod with 2 more charges to create an Glyph of Warding (Alarm)
* [ ] The circle can be removed with the right item. It's a temporary installation to make it easier to mindwash possible cultists.
* [ ] There are additional contracts in the Silver Triangle to get artifacts for the dwarves in the North.
* [ ] The brick house in Coach Street has an underground facility with more cultists, apparatuses to dispose evidence, printers and more.
* [ ] The stall in the market is manned by an old lady, Centria, who wasn't brainwashed. She already believed in Shar since her 40s.
* [ ] The cult has presence across several parts of the continent with cells growing in power.
* [ ] New recruits are asked to do a fake divination ritual to provide energy to Shar's avatar. They don't know the real reason.
* [ ] Barbarians across the continent seem to have been converting to Shar's religion now.
* [x] The cult is planning a second big hit. They need to get 50 more people to give their energy.
* [ ] There is a lunar eclipse happening soon. Things are moving towards that.

### Session Notes

* Human: Ilai
