# 2020-07-29

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Uktar 15th

**Recap**

* The party made their way to Waterdeep.
* At the queue they learned that the whole city was under lockdown due to the Purple Embrace.
  * There were conflicting reports with some people saying that it was due to the extent of the cult and others that it was more due to the impact it had on noble society.
* In addition to these reports, the party also agree to pay the fee to take the Hunter's Guild exam after Xyrelor signed for it. You were given 2 months of grace to take the test.
* Thanks to an acquaintance from Tamar, you were allowed to move (and skip) the queue at a smaller gate. After going over several questions and having a couple of team members wear trinkets during their stay in the city you were allowed in with appropriate safeconducts valid for a week.
* Security around the city is heightened and you could see as you were walking around the main street that most stores are partially closed and that while the city is still busy it is not the same vibe as usual.
* After getting permission from the local guard, you decided to investigate the mysterious house you saw on your way to the giant's rendezvous point. The house was all boarded up and after removing the boards, you realised that everything inside seemed as good as new. No signs of struggle.
* A few of you made your way to a bedroom and managed to open

**Session’s Strong Start**

The party opens the chest! Inside, 

**Possible Scenes**

* Fight with the Mummy Lord.
