# 2020-07-15

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

Campaign Time: Uktar 15th

**Recap**

* Iymrith is dead. According to King Hekaton, with the Korolnor Scepter in his hand the order has been restored or will be. The party spent some time going over Iymrith's hoard, unearthing different treasures and even fighting and old Mummy Lord. After discussing their next steps, the party decided to follow Tamar back to Waterdeep to investigate the dark building they encountered on their way to the rendezvous with the giants and beyond that, put an end to the cult that seems to have the biggest city on the continent under its grip.

**Session’s Strong Start**

Characters just arrived to Waterdeep into a big queue to get a safe conduct. This is the opportunity to listen to rumors, conversations and get more information about what is going on.

**Possible Scenes**

* Disruption with the guards and in the queue. They will be approached by the Hunter's Guild.
* Fight with the Mummy Lord.
* Investigation around the impact of the cult of Shar on the populace.

**Secrets and Clues**

1. Cults have always been a thing in a city as big as Waterdeep.
1. The current situation has been like this for a couple of weeks.
1. The Masked Lords of Waterdeep decided to put the city under lockdown after a several nobles and their parties were seen as starting to believe in Shar and then disappeared.
1. Disappearances became more and more common across the city. There doesn't seem to be any real pattern to it.
1. The pattern are people depressed, discontent or sad.
1. The cult at first was kidnapping people and was not really known.
1. The impact from the cult was really felt after the attack that happened across the city.
1. Some people that left have been seen with Shar emblems or tattoos.
