# 2020-08-19

\#session-notes 

# Strong Start

### Recap:

The party finished their investigation around the house at 17 Fairview. After opening the chest, they found several things inside:

* A glyph on the lid that quickly dissapeared.
* Several rods with arms and legs that came to life once taken out of the chest
* A bag full of chopped body parts.
* A note saying to wait 24 hours signed by @Diga

The other room in the house seemed bare clean with the exception of parchments ashes in a single table. You deduced that one of the walls wasn't like the others and inside there was a large ring seemingly balanced on the floor. After Tamar touched it he felt an energy washing over him that made him feel at peace.

After almost burning down the place, Phillip realised that the heart he took from Iymrith's treasure started to vibrate and suddenly the mummy was back among the living. You managed to dispatch it while also destroying the heart.

### Start:

They just finished the battle. The noise outside is starting to bring attention from people around. The party notices a couple of dwarves looking at them. They seem to have purple eyes.

# Scenes

* **Confronting the dwarves**. They are part of the cult and were alerted by the glyph inside the house. They are the equivalent of the wolf in Pulp Fiction.
* **Talking with Captain Harkow in Castle Ward.** The captain is one of the people in charge of the guard. They've been trying to dedicate more people to investigate but they have limited resources due to panic.
  * **Lieutenant Abdal** - Dragonborn will be the contact for the party.
* **Getting the pamphlet.** The cult has different ways to make contact with people. This will provide them with an opportunity to infiltrate.

# Secret and Clues

Check off when revealed.

* [x] The party has faced the cult before. Things got worse after the attack they failed to stop.
* [ ] Roge Phaley is one of the Masked Lords of Waterdeep
* [ ] The circle can be removed with the right item. It's a temporary installation to make it easier to mindwash possible cultists.
* [x] The cult has ranks.
* [ ] The guard knows that there are several ranks. They have managed to capture some low-ranking cultists but haven't been able to get much out of them
* [x] Diga is the Waterdeep Dux
* [ ] There are additional contracts in the Silver Triangle to get artifacts for the dwarves in the North.
* [x] Selune believers have received backlash as well. Some people believe they've been too passive.

## Scratchpad

````
**Location**
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
Monster
Monster
Monster

Avrae Initiative Macro
!alias rollinit multiline
!i end
!i begin
!i add 4 Sabre
!i add -1 Banner
!i add 2 Xi
!i add 7 Shane
!i add 2 Zarantyr
!i add 2 Shift
!i add 1 Monsters
!i list
````

### Session Notes

* Dock Ward guard has a 20 gold deposit.
* Dwarf with black leather armor is following Tamar and Nessa
* The Lady Dreaming - Hosting a fundraiser by the Gleaming Sun
* Coach Street in Southern Ward - House with Red Bricks
