# 2020-12-07

\#session-notes 

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* The party continued their investigation in 83 Coach Street. Once they were sure their captive creature was unconscious they proceeded to investigate details around the basement.
  * They found several remains of partial transformed humans to the ape-like creatures they just fought. They had [Quaggoth Tattoos](..\World%20Details\Quaggoth%20Tattoos.md) on their hands.
  * They found several discarded [Embrace Rings](..\Items\Embrace%20Rings.md) which didn't have any connections anymore.
  * They found a forge with a curious items that resembled a cylinder with etched runes on it.
  * There were several editions of pamphlets asking people to join the cult appealing to different sensitivities.
  * They discovered how the *Purple Abjuration Ward* worked.
  * Tamar discovered two bodies that belonged to the [Goldsnatchers](..\Organisations\Goldsnatchers.md) family, distant cousins unknown to him.
* Interrogating the Ape creature gave the characters a sense of the commitment and brainwashing at the lower ranks of the cult. A firm believe that the Lucky 5, Courageous 6 are the evildoers in this case, preventing people from enjoying a life without worries, without superfluous desires and eternal peace.

### Start:

# Scenes

* [Diga](..\NPC\Diga.md) : Thirsty Throat - Southern Ward
* Tridam and Kenistel come to investigate 83 Coach Street

## Scratchpad

````
**Location**
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
Monster
Monster
Monster

Avrae Initiative Macro
!alias rollinit multiline
!i end
!i begin
!i add 4 Sabre
!i add -1 Banner
!i add 2 Xi
!i add 7 Shane
!i add 2 Zarantyr
!i add 2 Shift
!i add 1 Monsters
!i list
````

### Session Notes

* Aurota's Realms Catalogue Shop
  * **Disguises**
    * **Nessa**: Fat suit with bandana with veil and aging make-up.
    * **Iryanar:** Fake breastplate with double-chin neck and hair dye
    * **Phillip:** Wig (military cut) and prosthetic cheekbones
    * **Tamar:** Old monk robes with pig skin
    * **Guybrush:** Fancy suit with orthodox jew hair and beard dye.
* One-way token from Tridam/Kenistel to the group.
* Goldsnatchers will be in the keep's morgue.
