# 2020-09-07

\#session-notes 

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* Group North: Nessa and Tamar accompanied by Lieutenant Abdal are following Eac, one of the two cultists that were imprisoned in the guard's dungeon. A very non-chalant character, he seemed to be OK leaving his partner behind and after leaving the keep decided to go straight to the City of the Dead, performed a ritual in front of what seemed to be a common burial ground and then headed for the market.
* Group South: Continued following Iryanar and the rest of the group until they got to Coach Street in the Southern Ward. Once there, they realized that they were not the only ones tracking people and had to engage in battle with the cultists. During the battle, the 2 humans, seemingly more arcana-adept compared to the rest of the group managed to escape with the party killing the rest.

### Start:

* Eac talks to Centria in the market.
* Group South waits for something to happen without realizing that one of the rats in the street is a familiar.

# Secret and Clues

Check off when revealed.

* [x] The group visiting the house has a rod with 2 more charges to create an Glyph of Warding (Alarm)
* [ ] The circle can be removed with the right item. It's a temporary installation to make it easier to mindwash possible cultists.
* [ ] The brick house in Coach Street has an underground facility with more cultists, apparatuses to dispose evidence, printers and more.
* [x] The stall in the market is manned by an old lady, Centria, who wasn't brainwashed. She already believed in Shar since her 40s.
* [ ] The cult has presence across several parts of the continent with cells growing in power.
* [ ] New recruits are asked to do a fake divination ritual to provide energy to Shar's avatar. They don't know the real reason.
* [ ] There is a lunar eclipse happening soon. Things are moving towards that.
* [ ] Barbarians across the continent seem to have been converting to Shar's religion now.
* [ ] The Waterdeep dux is Diga - War Priest
* [ ] People get addicted to the Shar influence similar to the dreaming people in Inception.

### Session Notes

* 83 Coach Street
