# 2020-12-14

\#session-notes 

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* While waiting for Kenistel and Tridam to arrive the party had a long conversation about their goals in the city and the approach to solve the current situation with the Purple Embrace. To summarise:
  * They asked themselves what was the scope of the cult and what was in it for them:
    * Riches? Reputation? Saving the city?
  * Tamar reminded the party that Purple Embrace activity started years ago and considering their encounters with them in the past, their access to the Underground and the fact they managed to put the largest city of the continent under lockdown, their power or at least reach is much larger than just Waterdeep.
  * The party also recalled the attack on the city a couple of months ago and their failure to stop the cult from getting an item. Tamar also remembered how Diga taunted him with the knowledge about Sarah.
  * Finally, the party reflected on the artifacts they've been able to find... the extent of the rings and how they affected Iryanar, how many people have probably disappeared in the city and the apparent strength of [Diga](..\NPC\Diga.md) during their previous encounter.
* Once Tridam and Kenistel arrived, they talked with the party, explaining that it was becoming obvious that the resources assigned to the case were not enough and that there were forces and incantations being used beyond just regular arcana (reference to psionics). Tridam gave the party a one-way token to give them information ASAP about their findings and start the requisition of two way stones for espionage.
* After asking them to bring the bodies of the Goldsnatchers to the morgue (to be collected the next day), the party set off to find costumes and prepare for their meeting with Diga.
* You just finished your shopping at Aurota's Realms Catalogue Shop.
  * **Nessa**: Fat suit with bandana with veil and aging make-up.
  * **Iryanar:** Fake breastplate with double-chin neck and hair dye
  * **Phillip:** Wig (military cut) and prosthetic cheekbones
  * **Tamar:** Old monk robes with pig skin
  * **Guybrush:** Fancy suit with orthodox jew hair and beard dye.

# Scenes

* Visiting the *Silver Triangle - Waterdeep*
* Visiting [Diga](..\NPC\Diga.md) at Thirsty Throat - Southern Ward

## Scratchpad

````
Avrae Initiative Macro
!alias rollinit multiline
!i end
!i begin
!i add 2 Guybrush
!i add 4 Iryanar
!i add 10 Nessa
!i add 2 Phillip
!i add 4 Tamar
!i add 1 Monsters
!i list
````

### Session Notes

* Silver Triangle
  * Nessa is asking for a "Potion of the Berserker"
  * Tamar got a "Adamantine Shield"
  * Guybrush was asking for a better dagger (offhand)
  * The party was asking if they could sell the blue dragon scales separately (instead of the 500 total)
