# 2020-09-14

\#session-notes 

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* Group North: The group followed Eac to the market and managed to see him contact an old lady in a kitchen-related stand. After leaving Abdal to follow Eac out of the market, Nessa and Tamar decided to approach Centria who after some discussion uncovered their background and told them in a very convincing way (at least to one of you) to come back in a couple of hours to wear a ring and meet others in the cult.
* Group South: After investigating the dead bodies, the group decided to check around the 83 Coach Street. After interacting with some sort of magical rat, the group managed to make their way into the house to find themselves in front of a welcome committee. The group chose to back down and leave the area but not before deciding to take the chest back with them to 17 Fairview.

Scenes

* Group South makes it back to the house to find Tridam doing their investigations.
* Group North goes back to the keep to report to the guards
* Group North (or the whole party?) goes back to meet Centria.

# Secret and Clues

Check off when revealed.

* [ ] The circle can be removed with the right item. It's a temporary installation to make it easier to mindwash possible cultists.
* [ ] The brick house in Coach Street has an underground facility with more cultists, apparatuses to dispose evidence, printers and more.
* [ ] The cult has presence across several parts of the continent with cells growing in power.
* [ ] New recruits are asked to do a fake divination ritual to provide energy to Shar's avatar. They don't know the real reason.
* [ ] There is a lunar eclipse happening soon. Things are moving towards that.
* [ ] The Waterdeep dux is Diga - War Priest
* [ ] People get addicted to the Shar influence similar to the dreaming people in Inception.
* [ ] The artefact stolen during the raid is a multi-layered disc that extracts energy from living entities and concentrates it depending on the ritual.
* [ ] The rings are connected to a central location powering them. They don't act on their own.
* [ ] The avatar’s heart is in an old elven dungeon under a high-end brothel. The door to it requires a password told in Elven.
* [ ] The machinery can be used to infuse energy for different purposes but requires a small effect similar to Shar’s influence. People get addicted to it similar to the dreaming people in Inception

## Scratchpad

````
**Location**
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
_Character_
Monster
Monster
Monster

Avrae Initiative Macro
!alias rollinit multiline
!i end
!i begin
!i add 4 Sabre
!i add -1 Banner
!i add 2 Xi
!i add 7 Shane
!i add 2 Zarantyr
!i add 2 Shift
!i add 1 Monsters
!i list
````
