# 2021-06-14

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d)

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* The party finished protecting Nessa and managed to enact traps and barricades around the location. After all this, Nessa finished the incantation and was able to find the next location following the tendrils while at the same time having a much closer contact to the creature creating the tendrils. The location was a few days travel to the North East.
* Tamar and Guybrush heard someone outside that seemed to have been scouting the location with a dog during the night. You managed to make your way back to the road in time to meet the driver without any other incidents.
* On your way to Goldenfields, Guybrush felt that the cryptex given to him was actuating on its own and after a while it opened up and a small portal formed snatching whatever the contents were and letting a scream from the other side come into the carriage.
* You finally made it to Goldenfields and started to make your way around town. You realised that most of the town is dedicated to farming and the city center is quite small. You went to a shop that seemed to have several supplies for farming and ingredients that seemed to have an additional potency to them (by druids). You bought a few and continue thinking on what else was needed for your next location.

# Scenes

* Additional shopping in Goldenfields
* Dream sequence with Nessa
* Seeing the recovery and partial devastation on their way north.
* Arriving to Womford
* Fighting vampires on their way there.
* Getting to the next location and seeing the guards from the cult

# Secret and Clues

Check off when revealed.

* [ ] Goldenfields is recovering but not very fast. Already pressed to continue providing for Waterdeep.
* [ ] Some people have defected to the cult here. They have since come back to recruit others.
* [ ] Battles and the issues with the giants have not fully been resolved.
* [ ] There is another Harper in Goldenfields. They ran away from Waterdeep.
* [ ] Womford has not been given a rest. Soon after the giants stopped coming they were being attacked by creatures of the night.
* [ ] The cult now has people posted on the last location. They understand the attacks are being targeted at them now.

## Scratchpad

````
Avrae Initiative Macro
!alias rollinit multiline
!i end
!i begin
!i add 2 Guybrush
!i add 4 Iryanar
!i add 10 Nessa
!i add 13 Phillip
!i add 4 Tamar
!i add 1 Monsters
!i list
````

### Session Notes

* Grounds
  * Mithral Hall
  * Guybrush - Worf Bottomhammer
  * Tinker with explosives - Nitroglycerin
  * Horace - Distinguished Roman horse
  * Windbreaker - White with Hay mane
  * Horsey McHorsey
