# 2021-01-18

\#session-notes 

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* The party is trying to go deeper into the mysteries of the cult bringing the city to its knees. After discovering artifacts that were projecting energy through the Ethereal Plane, the party decided to go back to town to destroy an additional artifact and debrief with the city guard.
* You gave them instructions to visit 17 Fairview around 3am to understand if the property was connected to the energy you saw before and decided to go to Coach Street and understand what was really happening in there.
* You fought, you investigated and finally you secured several remains of magical artifacts, pamphlets and bodies. After giving your information to Tridam and Kenistel and asking them to bring the bodies to the morgue you went looking for costumes, supplies and items before your encounter with Diga, one of the local leaders of the Purple Embrace.
* You are currently in the Silver Triangle in the Trades Ward finishing your purchases with a few hours before your encounter with the dwarf at the Thirsty Throat in the Southern Ward.

### Start:

* [x] Tamar got a "Adamantine Shield"
* [ ] Nessa is asking for a "Potion of the Berserker"
* [x] Guybrush was asking for a better dagger (offhand): Dagger of Blindsight
* [ ] The party was asking if they could sell the blue dragon scales separately (instead of the 500 total)

# Secret and Clues

Check off when revealed.

* [ ] Different adventures have asked to enter the cult before. If they aren't willing to be fully part of the cult then they need to go over certain trials just to make sure they are worth it.
* [ ] Not everyone knows how to get to this tavern and they normally change the location of the meetups so if they think they can betray him they need to think again
* [ ] Waterdeep is an obvious choice because of its size and how easy is to go around the authorities.
* [ ] Harpers are trying to do their best but their hand are tied. The murders across other cities put them in the wrong foot of the Lord's Alliance. They are hoping that helping the biggest city will give them some additional clout with authorities so they can relax.
* [ ] Spies around Waterdeep that are being quite obvious. It's a weird technique where one of them makes it obvious to draw your attention while in reality others are the one taking note of you, your possessions, etc.
* [x] They report directly to the Praetor of the region. If they were drawn to a particular area with lots of people that means that their faces are known to a spy network.
* [ ] They've been trying to get the spies for a while after the previous success. They are sure they meet or leave messages in Deepwater Isle but they don't have the magical means (or skills) to ensure they aren't detected.
* [ ] The cult has 4 levels of hierarchy as far as they know: Dux, Praetor, Justiciar, Hierophant.
  * [ ] Justiciar Alwin was more involved in day to day but has been less active on menial tasks.
* [ ] They are almost certain that the City Guard has been infiltrated or maybe even higher? That would be the only explanation why the cult has not been given all the resources and bigger priorities.
  * [ ] Also, although there is a sudden decrease in Giant activity most cities are still wary of that and can't just devote resources to Waterdeep.
* [ ] As enforcers of the group they have been wearing second skins for ages to avoid the initial effects of the rings. Based on some discussions it seems that the rings were initially bound to the North East of the city but as the cult has become more successful, whatever the energy source is, it has become stronger and the antennas are able to pick-up more energy.

# Fantastic Locations

* [Dungeon](https://rpgcharacters.files.wordpress.com/2020/11/borderland-caves.png)

# NPCs

* [x] Review NPCs
* [Diga](..\NPC\Diga.md)
* *Irom*

## Scratchpad

````
Avrae Initiative Macro
!alias rollinit multiline
!i end
!i begin
!i add 2 Guybrush
!i add 4 Iryanar
!i add 10 Nessa
!i add 2 Phillip
!i add 4 Tamar
!i add 1 Monsters
!i list
````

### Session Notes

* Location of Magical Blacksmith
* Portable Forge
* 6-pack of Smoke Bombs
* Investigate Flashbangs and Sonic Bombs and Smoke Bombs for additional properties
* The Ashes - Blacksmith for the city guard
* Potion of the Berserker
* Silver Triangle list in Mirabar (Battlehammer + Bagna Dissison)
* Fake Names:
  * The Wild Hunt
    * Nessa + Guybrush = Worf
    * Iryanar = Wesley Crusher
    * Tamar = Jean-Luc
    * Phillip = Riker
