# 2021-03-1

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d)

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* The party managed to defeat the last group defending the artifact with a couple of close calls.
  * They uncovered more information from the tomb. It seems that experiments were being done here to create giant zombies, to maintain them even after spells to raise the dead would go down.
  * After some more exploration, the party got to the artifact. A smaller version compared to the one they saw in Coach Street but the shape matched (and the altar!)
* The party went back to Goldenfields and after the deposit was taken for the horse that perished after a wolf attack, you started your way back towards Waterdeep.

Start: 

* The party is inside the carriage discussing their next steps.

# Scenes

* The party receives a one directional call from Tridam. Kenistel is dead and Coach Street is gone. He asks them to meet him back at the Castle Ward keep.
* The party sees an investigation on the road to Waterdeep. Lord's Alliance soldiers seem to be keeping track of a brutal set of murders that happened on the road a couple of days ago.
* The party returns to Diga at The Thirsty Throat with the artifact. Diga is impressed and tell them that after validating the artifacts usefulness he'll have more missions for the party. He asks them to meet him tomorrow at the Halibut Spine for their next mission.
* The party notices the blue orc they saw before and talk to him. *Irom* is part of the Harpers.

# Secret and Clues

* [ ] People helping the cult get divided into two groups eventually. Those that are asked to do the ritual and those that are asked to give their souls.

* [ ] Diga changes the location of their meetups constantly. Just a few around town know where the next one is going to be. It's very likely that we won't meet here for weeks.

* [ ] Waterdeep is an obvious choice because of its size and how easy is to go around the authorities.

* [ ] Harpers are trying to do their best but their hand are tied. The murders across other cities put them in the wrong foot of the Lord's Alliance. They are hoping that helping the biggest city will give them some additional clout with authorities so they can relax.

* [ ] Spies around Waterdeep that are being quite obvious. It's a weird technique where one of them makes it obvious to draw your attention while in reality others are the one taking note of you, your possessions, etc.
  
  * [ ] Dwarves and Halflings working together.
* [ ] They've been trying to get the spies for a while after the previous success. They are sure they meet or leave messages in Deepwater Isle but they don't have the magical means (or skills) to ensure they aren't detected.

* [ ] The cult has 4 levels of hierarchy as far as they know: Dux, Praetor, Justiciar, Hierophant.
  
  * [ ] The praetor is definitely a noble in the city or from a merchant family. Enough connections around the city.
  * [ ] Duces (at least Diga) don't seem to have their own intelligence network. They rely on underground contacts and the information relayed by the Justiciar's network.
* [ ] They are almost certain that the City Guard has been infiltrated or maybe even higher? That would be the only explanation why the cult has not been given all the resources and bigger priorities.
  
  * [ ] Also, although there is a sudden decrease in Giant activity most cities are still wary of that and can't just devote resources to Waterdeep.
* [ ] As enforcers of the group they have been wearing second skins for ages to avoid the initial effects of the rings.

* [ ] There are at least 6 locations around the Dessarin Valley with shadow beacons. 8 are enough to cover the moon, 12 would darken the sun
  
  * [ ] Quench the light of the moon when you can. Hide from it when you can't.
  * [ ] Increase shadows to foment the creation of shadow crossings.
* [ ] Using the Ethereal Plane (curtains) to connect with the Shadowfell

* [ ] Psionic Rings need a ritual and power word to activate them. Mind blasts until your intelligence halves.
  
  * [ ] The effect is for show.
* [ ] Psionic Anchors
  
  * [ ] Tendril can reach up to 60 miles.
  * [ ] Wizards must attune to it.
* [ ] Wizards can use mind blades to cut the tendrils

* [ ] Hand Tattoos - 8 hour long ritual. Infused with dark energy

* [ ] Shadowfell Anchors
