# 2021-05-24

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d)

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* After learning about the location of the *mother tendril* the party checked if the group they had seen before was still doing the rounds but instead they saw a group of guards that seemed to be looking for people. After waiting for a while, you managed to procure the services of a eager carriage driver.
* You decided to make your way to the Castle Ward Guard Keep to drop the artifact to Lieutenant Abdal and while having some breakfast waiting for him you noticed that a dwarf was checking on the people going to the keep.
* You relayed your findings to Abdal and while describing what had happened in the Manor with the hooded figures and the guards, there was something odd with the reports mentioning only a single guard doing rounds rather than the company you saw. Corporal Hiss
* After getting assurances that the arcana department was going to investigate the artifact, Abdal took you out through a service door to avoid being seen by the dwarf and you reconvened with your driver in a tavern nearby.
* With the location in mind, you made your way towards Goldenfields. The way there was uneventful with Tamar deciding to summon a warhorse during the trip. Once you got there, you negotiated with the driver to pick you up the next morning.
* You saw ruins of what seemed a small keep or cathedral with only one working door.
* Inside behind a stone curtain you saw a bigger than before rhombus shining in the colours known to you. As you soon as you deactivated the artifact, a black fog covered all the walls and from the far end of the room, a gargantuan creature... a massive skeleton wearing big shiny bracelets and a crown drag itself to you ready to battle.

### Start:

* Battle against the Fog Monster continues!

# Scenes

* [Shadowfell](https://www.dndbeyond.com/sources/dmg/creating-a-multiverse#Shadowfell)

# Monsters

* [Abyss Watchers](https://preview.redd.it/yi1lw77033z51.png?width=1700&format=png&auto=webp&s=1f2a9cb7b26cc56f4edea10ec5433966ba1bedb3)
* 
* 
* 
* 

## Scratchpad

Jot down notes during your game. Use it for a text-based combat tracker or anything else. Copy and paste from here into Discord for example. Here's more on [playing D&D and Discord](https://slyflourish.com/playing_dnd_over_discord.html) and a [Markdown-based battle map](https://slyflourish.com/text-based_battle_maps.html).

````
Avrae Initiative Macro
!alias rollinit multiline
!i end
!i begin
!i add 2 Guybrush
!i add 4 Iryanar
!i add 10 Nessa
!i add 2 Phillip
!i add 4 Tamar
!i add 1 Monsters
!i list
````

### Session Notes

* Rhomboid is in the Stormwind Manor inside a barrel
