# 2021-09-13

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d) - [Sword Coast Map](https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/780951050278010910/799399197442965604/skt03-thenorth.jpg)

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* Battle in a demi-plane. The party had to deal with the watchers that kept regenerating their bodies over and over. After a long battle where one of the watchers seemingly absorbed the others to gain fire powers you were victorious and managed to sever the connection to the demi-plane.
* You started to make preparations to guard Nessa as she reactivates the artifact to get the location of the tendril source.

### Start:

* Preparations continue.

# Scenes

* Description of the creature:
  * A well of darkness, as you go inside, melancholy, despair and hopelessness overwhelm your senses.
  * The sensations of despair and distress deepen. In front of you appear what seem to be personifications of suffering, deformed creatures with hooks instead of hands, wailing creatures crying tears made out of tar, lost creatures with their ribs outstrechted to resemble cages and more unspeakable monstrosities.
  * The creature probes your mind.
  * Amalgamating the meat and voices of every form the emissary has ever mimicked. Manifestations of alien hunger erupt from this horror in waves of ravenous organs and mind-breaking psychic assaults

## Scratchpad

Jot down notes during your game. Use it for a text-based combat tracker or anything else. Copy and paste from here into Discord for example. Here's more on [playing D&D and Discord](https://slyflourish.com/playing_dnd_over_discord.html) and a [Markdown-based battle map](https://slyflourish.com/text-based_battle_maps.html).

````
!multiline
!i begin
!i add 15 Guybrush -p
!i add 23 Iryanar -p
!i add 15 Nessa -p
!i add 3 Phillip -p
!i add 15 Tamar -p
!i madd "Phase Spiders"
!i list
````

### Session Notes

Deepest desires / wants

* Nessa: Desire contract with the devil coming back to life.
* Tamar: I want Sarah back or to know what happened.
* Iryanar: I want to convince giant king of forgotten realms to come to Eberron and help against Korri
* Phillip: I want my mommy
