# 2021-03-15

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d)

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* The party managed to defeat the last group defending the artifact with a couple of close calls.
  * They uncovered more information from the tomb. It seems that experiments were being done here to create giant zombies, to maintain them even after spells to raise the dead would go down.
  * After some more exploration, the party got to the artifact. A smaller version compared to the one they saw in Coach Street but the shape matched (and the altar!)
* The party managed to get back to Diga on time. He asked them to meet him the next day for lunch at the Halibut Spine for their next mission.
* After talking with Diga, the party decided to make their way to the Castle Ward to talk with Tridam
  * Psionic Anchors
  * Shadow Beacons
  * Hand Tattoos

### Start:

* Tridam office

# Scenes

* The party notices the blue orc they saw before and talk to him. *Irom* is part of the Harpers.

# Secret and Clues

People helping the cult get divided into two groups eventually. Those that are asked to do the ritual and those that are asked to give their souls.

* [ ] Diga changes the location of their meetups constantly. Just a few around town know where the next one is going to be. It's very likely that we won't meet here for weeks.
* [ ] Waterdeep is an obvious choice because of its size and how easy is to go around the authorities.
* [ ] Harpers are trying to do their best but their hand are tied. The murders across other cities put them in the wrong foot of the Lord's Alliance. They are hoping that helping the biggest city will give them some additional clout with authorities so they can relax.
* [ ] Spies around Waterdeep that are being quite obvious. It's a weird technique where one of them makes it obvious to draw your attention while in reality others are the one taking note of you, your possessions, etc.
  * [ ] Dwarves and Halflings working together.
* [ ] They've been trying to get the spies for a while after the previous success. They are sure they meet or leave messages in Deepwater Isle but they don't have the magical means (or skills) to ensure they aren't detected.
* [ ] The cult has 4 levels of hierarchy as far as they know: Dux, Praetor, Justiciar, Hierophant.
  * [ ] The praetor is definitely a noble in the city or from a merchant family. Enough connections around the city.
  * [ ] Duces (at least Diga) don't seem to have their own intelligence network. They rely on underground contacts and the information relayed by the Justiciar's network.
* [ ] They are almost certain that the City Guard has been infiltrated or maybe even higher? That would be the only explanation why the cult has not been given all the resources and bigger priorities.
  * [ ] Also, although there is a sudden decrease in Giant activity most cities are still wary of that and can't just devote resources to Waterdeep.
* [ ] As enforcers of the group they have been wearing second skins for ages to avoid the initial effects of the rings.
* [ ] Psionic Rings need a ritual and power word to activate them. Mind blasts until your intelligence halves.
  * [ ] The effect is for show.
* [ ] Wizards can use mind blades to cut the tendrils

### Session Notes

* Waterdeep Sun - Sulmor Street - 17000GP
* Shattercrock Delights
* Lork's Ruby - Mrs Higglebottom
