# 2021-03-29

\#session-notes 

[Player Notes](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1flIOt9zdcujPfELxJ2z20Bst9zLwX4JnkvmETBPIbRU/edit#heading=h.qklgz8xzl35d)

# Strong Start

### Recap:

* After causing a distraction, you managed to get your target -Centria- out of the bar where she was having what she thought was one of her last drinks.
* Turns out that the Purple Embrace knew that she had been captured by the guards and the intelligence arm of the cult was preparing to assassinate her.
* Guybrush, Tamar and Iryanar managed to evade their pursuers after an intense chase where you pushed your horse to the limit after the death of the carriage driver.
* Meanwhile, Nessa and Phillip were discussing how to deal with the Gleaming Sun situation while waiting for the rest to come back.
* Plans changed as you followed Centria to her safe house to learn more about the cult and her relationship to it.
  * She had been with the cult for a while, before they amassed the power they have now to keep the city under lockdown.
  * Diga leads the "infantry" in Waterdeep but he is one of many duces. There are several duces in a region and they all report to a Praetor - The one for the Dessarin Valley seems to be Lord Cristoph Goldsnatcher.
  * Justiciar Alwin leads a different type of operation and seems to sit higher in the hierarchy. Intelligence, subterfuge and assassination report to her with the information passing down to others as she sees fit. Diga seems to get additional info by underground contacts and other means.
  * Centria has a safe storage in the market but she knows that the cult is going to be accounting for the rings so if you want them you need to do it with the cult's knowledge or they might cut the connection to the rings.

### Start:

* You have arrived to the safe house near the city of the dead. Thestryl Mellardin (LG female Chondathan human [mage](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/mage)) is the Harper (pale wisp of a girl)

# Scenes

* Party discusses with Thestryl about getting Centria out. Thestryl is going to discuss the Harpers situation and the problems they have now. She'll mention Irom in the cult.
* Party arrives to Mirabar. Circle is in a stable house loft and can be quickly hidden under hay. Zazspar Bronzefire (LG male shield dwarf mage), poses as a stablehand, complete with leather overalls and straw in his beard.
* Party decides to destroy the Gleaming Sun OR negotiate with Ossap Korr
* Guybrush might be captured by the Mirabar guard for breaking his parole.
* Party goes to Silver Triangle to retrieve the Battlehammer list
* Tamar goes to visit the Goldsnatcher Manor
* Party meets with Diga

# Secret and Clues

Check off when revealed.

* [ ] Diga changes the location of their meetups constantly. Just a few around town know where the next one is going to be. It's very likely that we won't meet here for weeks.
* [ ] Harpers are trying to do their best but their hand are tied. The murders across other cities put them in the wrong foot of the Lord's Alliance. They are hoping that helping the biggest city will give them some additional clout with authorities so they can relax.
* [ ] Spies around Waterdeep that are being quite obvious. It's a weird technique where one of them makes it obvious to draw your attention while in reality others are the one taking note of you, your possessions, etc.
  * [ ] Dwarves and Halflings working together.
* [ ] They've been trying to get the spies for a while after the previous success. They are sure they meet or leave messages in Deepwater Isle but they don't have the magical means (or skills) to ensure they aren't detected.
* [ ] As enforcers of the group they have been wearing second skins for ages to avoid the initial effects of the rings.
* [x] Gleaming Sun has been having success after all the recent problems. People go for entertainment when they feel the end of the world is nearby.
* [x] Ossap has kept tabs on the party as he knew that as their adventuring fame rose they were going to fail their contract. Better for him to get additional profit.
* [x] Ossap was contacted by a third party who was curious about "Looking for Abigail" and L5C6 slaying a dragon. He would be happy to provide you with the information and relinquish your debt if you did him a favour.
* [ ] Battlehammer clan is looking to rebuild the Delzoun Empire and put dwarves back as the dominant force in the North.

# Monsters

* Blackguard ([https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/blackguard](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/blackguard))
* Bard ([https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/bard](https://www.dndbeyond.com/monsters/bard))
* 

## Scratchpad

Jot down notes during your game. Use it for a text-based combat tracker or anything else. Copy and paste from here into Discord for example. Here's more on [playing D&D and Discord](https://slyflourish.com/playing_dnd_over_discord.html) and a [Markdown-based battle map](https://slyflourish.com/text-based_battle_maps.html).

````
Avrae Initiative Macro
!alias rollinit multiline
!i end
!i begin
!i add 2 Guybrush
!i add 4 Iryanar
!i add 10 Nessa
!i add 2 Phillip
!i add 4 Tamar
!i add 1 Monsters
!i list
````

### Session Notes

* 11am - Watering Hole - The Drunken Swordfish
* Kristalph
* Emerald Conclave Bastion - Ossap Quest 17k gold pieces - Abigail information
  * He will contact them once the lockdown is over
